Link to ConfigFile in Saving Gamess tutorial (#2879)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/io/saving_games.rst

an arbitrary number of objects. This will allow the save function to
scale as the game grows more complex.

> For simply saving user settings,you can refer to :ref:`class_configfile`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::

    If you're looking to save user configuration, you can use the
    :ref:`class_configfile` class for this purpose.
```
